---
layout: ../../layouts/ProjectsLayout.astro
title: Block Link - crypto blog
video_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/RWx7SyuCyT8"
demo_url: "http://blocklink.netlify.app"
github_url: "https://github.com/adamjralph/crypto-blog"
---

# Project overview

This site was originally going to be my developer portfolio, but the
style I was aiming for seemed much more appropriate for a business, so I
decided I would us it to build a site for a web development agency I
plan to open some day. When i't's time to open shop I hope to have a
good website ready to go. With this site I wanted to build a clean site
with very few colors and lots of space. I wanted to the site to hit all
the right notes in terms of design such that it visual hierarchy

</p>

<br><br>

# Tech stack and build

<br>

> -   CSS
> -   SASS
> -   JavaScript

<br>

I used HTML, CSS, Sass and JavaScript and I used a script in my
package.json file to compile everything down to my public folder without
having to install any packages to do that.

<br>

# Dificulties encountered

<br>

With the way I set up the HTML, I had some trouble with naming classes
and keeping them both meaningful and consistent.

<br>

# Learning

<br>

I wanted this project to help me get better at CSS and particularly
Sass. As a result I was able to learn how to set up partials in folders
and how to use _index.scss_ files to forward partials to where they were
needed then use _@use_ in each file to namespace the statements I needed.
This was very rewarding and I have used and refined this method in other
projects since. I also learned the _BEM_ methodology for naming CSS
classes.

<br>

# Future plans

<br>

As this will be my future agency/freelance site I expect to spend time
refining it and experimenting with different design adjustments as I
have to time to make something I am really happy with. I would like to
refine the CSS to make it more logical and maintainable. I would also
like to have some animations on scroll to bring the site alive a bit
more, but not too much, this site is all about making a big impact while
remaining as understated as possible.
